discord_webhook_script.md, before:

# Discord Webhook Script

## Dependencies

Python 3: [Download link](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Python `requests` module: To install, enter the following command in cmd or a terminal:

```
pip install requests
```

## Usage

1. Run `check_artisan_stock_webhook.py` then close it to generate default settings file.

2. Open `config.cfg` and add your discord webhook url for `url = `.

3. Edit `content = ` to configure the message content you want to send when a mousepad goes from out of stock to in stock.

    `{Role Ping}` sends the content set for the pad under `[webhook_role_pings]`.

    `{Model}` sends the mousepad model.

    `{Hardness}` sends the mousepad hardness.

    `{Size}` sends the mousepad size.

    `{Color}` sends the mousepad color.

    `{Link}` sends a link to the mousepad's store page.

4. Optionally, edit the delays in `config.cfg` to change the delay in seconds between checking stock, checking cart, looping batch, and request fail.

    `stock_delay` adds a delay after sending the stock check request.

    `cart_delay` adds a delay after sending the cart check request.

    `batch_delay` adds a delay between checking the full list of pads. Only used between the last item in the list and the first item in the list when looping back to the first item.

    `request_fail_delay` adds a delay after a request fails before resuming the sending of requests.

5. Run `check_artisan_stock_webhook.py`

## Removing stock checks

### To entirely remove stock checks for a mousepad:

Remove it from `function_list` in `artisan_mousepads.py`.

For example, to remove all FX Shidenkai stock checks:

Take this:
```python
function_list = [cs_zero,fx_hayate,fx_hayate_otsu,fx_hayate_kou,fx_hien,fx_hien_ve,fx_zero,fx_raiden,fx_shidenkai]
```
and remove `fx_shidenkai`
```python
function_list = [cs_zero,fx_hayate,fx_hayate_otsu,fx_hayate_kou,fx_hien,fx_hien_ve,fx_zero,fx_raiden]
```

### To remove stock checks for specific hardnesses, sizes, or colors:

Remove them from their respective lists within the functions in `artisan_mousepads.py`. Check the dictionaries to find what each number checks for.

For example, to remove the XSoft check from the FX Shidenkai:

Take this:
```python
def fx_shidenkai():
    models = ["18"]
    hardnesses = ["0","2"]
    sizes = ["1","2","3","4"]
    colors = ["3","6","7"]
    return [models,hardnesses,sizes,colors]
```
and edit the `hardnesses` list:
```python
def fx_shidenkai():
    models = ["18"]
    hardnesses = ["2"]
    sizes = ["1","2","3","4"]
    colors = ["3","6","7"]
    return [models,hardnesses,sizes,colors]
```

## Adding stock checks

### Adding an entirely new pad

1. Find the model, hardnesses, sizes, and colors using your browser's developer/debug tools on the network tab. The data will be in the requests tab for `get_syouhin.php`. 

    The model will be the first one or two numbers after `sir`.

    The hardness will be the last number in `sir`.

    The size will be the number in `size`.

    The color will be the number after `color`.

2. Add the model and link to the dictionary in `artisan_mousepads.py` along with hardnesses, sizes, and colors if those are not already accounted for. For example, adding a new mousepad model named `new_pad`:
    ```python
    dict_mousepad_models = {
        "1" : "CS Zero",
        "11" : "FX Hayate",
        "12" : "FX Hayate Otsu",
        "13" : "FX Hayate Kou",
        "14" : "FX Hien",
        "15" : "FX Hien VE",
        "16" : "FX Zero",
        "17" : "FX Raiden",
        "18" : "FX Shidenkai",
        "19" : "New Pad"
    }
    ```
3. Make a new function for this new stock check in `artisan_mousepads.py`. For example, adding a function named `new_pad`:
    ```python
    def new_pad():
        models = ["19"]
        hardnesses = ["0","2"]
        sizes = ["1","2","3","4"]
        colors = ["3","6","7"]
        return [models,hardnesses,sizes,colors]
    ```
4. Add this function to the functions list in `artisan_mousepads.py`. For example, adding the `new_pad` function to the list: 
    ```python
    function_list = [new_pad,cs_zero,fx_hayate,fx_hayate_otsu,fx_hayate_kou,fx_hien,fx_hien_ve,fx_zero,fx_raiden,fx_shidenkai]
    ```

### Adding new options to an existing pad

1. Find the new hardnesses, sizes, or colors using your browser's developer/debug tools on the network tab. The data will be in the requests tab for `get_syouhin.php`. 

    The hardness will be the last number in `sir`.

    The size will be the number in `size`.

    The color will be the number after `color`.

2. Add the hardnesses, sizes, and colors to the dictionary if those are not already accounted for in `artisan_mousepads.py`. For example, adding color `9` as `New Color`:

    ```python
    dict_colors = {
    "1" : "Red",
    "2" : "Blue",
    "3" : "Black",
    "5" : "Black",
    "6" : "White",
    "7" : "Pink",
    "8" : "Brown",
    "9" : "New Color"
    }
    ```

3. Add the new hardnesses, sizes, or colors to the function in `artisan_mousepads.py`. For example, adding color `9` to the FX Raiden:

    ```python
    def fx_raiden():
    models = ["17"]
    hardnesses = ["0","2"]
    sizes = ["2","3","4"]
    colors = ["8","9"]
    return [models,hardnesses,sizes,colors]
    ```

Commit message:

Docs: Add basic troubleshooting steps

discord_webhook_script.md, after:

# Discord Webhook Script

## Dependencies

Python 3: [Download link](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

Python `requests` module: To install, enter the following command in cmd or a terminal:

```
pip install requests
```

## Usage

1. Run `check_artisan_stock_webhook.py` then close it to generate default settings file.

2. Open `config.cfg` and add your discord webhook url for `url = `.

3. Edit `content = ` to configure the message content you want to send when a mousepad goes from out of stock to in stock.

    `{Role Ping}` sends the content set for the pad specified under `[webhook_role_pings]`. 

    `{Model}` sends the mousepad model.

    `{Hardness}` sends the mousepad hardness.

    `{Size}` sends the mousepad size.

    `{Color}` sends the mousepad color.

    `{Link}` sends a link to the mousepad's store page.

4. Optionally, edit the delays in `config.cfg` to change the delay in seconds between checking stock, checking cart, looping batch, and request fail.

    `stock_delay` adds a delay after sending the stock check request.

    `cart_delay` adds a delay after sending the cart check request.

    `batch_delay` adds a delay between checking the full list of pads. Only used between the last item in the list and the first item in the list when looping back to the first item.

    `request_fail_delay` adds a delay after a request fails before resuming the sending of requests.

5. Run `check_artisan_stock_webhook.py`

## Removing stock checks

### To entirely remove stock checks for a mousepad:

Remove it from `function_list` in `artisan_mousepads.py`.

For example, to remove all FX Shidenkai stock checks:

Take this:
```python
function_list = [cs_zero,fx_hayate,fx_hayate_otsu,fx_hayate_kou,fx_hien,fx_hien_ve,fx_zero,fx_raiden,fx_shidenkai]
```
and remove `fx_shidenkai`
```python
function_list = [cs_zero,fx_hayate,fx_hayate_otsu,fx_hayate_kou,fx_hien,fx_hien_ve,fx_zero,fx_raiden]
```

### To remove stock checks for specific hardnesses, sizes, or colors:

Remove them from their respective lists within the functions in `artisan_mousepads.py`. Check the dictionaries to find what each number checks for.

For example, to remove the XSoft check from the FX Shidenkai:

Take this:
```python
def fx_shidenkai():
    models = ["18"]
    hardnesses = ["0","2"]
    sizes = ["1","2","3","4"]
    colors = ["3","6","7"]
    return [models,hardnesses,sizes,colors]
```
and edit the `hardnesses` list:
```python
def fx_shidenkai():
    models = ["18"]
    hardnesses = ["2"]
    sizes = ["1","2","3","4"]
    colors = ["3","6","7"]
    return [models,hardnesses,sizes,colors]
```

## Adding stock checks

### Adding an entirely new pad

1. Find the model, hardnesses, sizes, and colors using your browser's developer/debug tools on the network tab. The data will be in the requests tab for `get_syouhin.php`. 

    The model will be the first one or two numbers after `sir`.

    The hardness will be the last number in `sir`.

    The size will be the number in `size`.

    The color will be the number after `color`.

2. Add the model and link to the dictionary in `artisan_mousepads.py` along with hardnesses, sizes, and colors if those are not already accounted for. For example, adding a new mousepad model named `new_pad`:
    ```python
    dict_mousepad_models = {
        "1" : "CS Zero",
        "11" : "FX Hayate",
        "12" : "FX Hayate Otsu",
        "13" : "FX Hayate Kou",
        "14" : "FX Hien",
        "15" : "FX Hien VE",
        "16" : "FX Zero",
        "17" : "FX Raiden",
        "18" : "FX Shidenkai",
        "19" : "New Pad"
    }
    ```
3. Make a new function for this new stock check in `artisan_mousepads.py`. For example, adding a function named `new_pad`:
    ```python
    def new_pad():
        models = ["19"]
        hardnesses = ["0","2"]
        sizes = ["1","2","3","4"]
        colors = ["3","6","7"]
        return [models,hardnesses,sizes,colors]
    ```
4. Add this function to the functions list in `artisan_mousepads.py`. For example, adding the `new_pad` function to the list: 
    ```python
    function_list = [new_pad,cs_zero,fx_hayate,fx_hayate_otsu,fx_hayate_kou,fx_hien,fx_hien_ve,fx_zero,fx_raiden,fx_shidenkai]
    ```

5. Add the new pad to the dictionaries in `webhook_handler.py` along with a new config file setting under `[webhook_role_pings]`. Adding it to the default config defined in `config_handler.py` may also be desirable but is not required.

### Adding new options to an existing pad

1. Find the new hardnesses, sizes, or colors using your browser's developer/debug tools on the network tab. The data will be in the requests tab for `get_syouhin.php`. 

    The hardness will be the last number in `sir`.

    The size will be the number in `size`.

    The color will be the number after `color`.

2. Add the hardnesses, sizes, and colors to the dictionary if those are not already accounted for in `artisan_mousepads.py`. For example, adding color `9` as `New Color`:

    ```python
    dict_colors = {
    "1" : "Red",
    "2" : "Blue",
    "3" : "Black",
    "5" : "Black",
    "6" : "White",
    "7" : "Pink",
    "8" : "Brown",
    "9" : "New Color"
    }
    ```

3. Add the new hardnesses, sizes, or colors to the function in `artisan_mousepads.py`. For example, adding color `9` to the FX Raiden:

    ```python
    def fx_raiden():
    models = ["17"]
    hardnesses = ["0","2"]
    sizes = ["2","3","4"]
    colors = ["8","9"]
    return [models,hardnesses,sizes,colors]
    ```

## Troubleshooting

To reset settings to default, delete `config.cfg` and run the script. A new `config.cfg` will be generated with defaults.

To reset stock states and tracking, delete `stock_state.json`. This will remove the current stock data collected by the script. Upon running the script again it will rerecord the stock states. This will cause the script to resend webhook messages for items that had previously been recorded as in stock and have not had a change in state.
